_book/index.md, before:

--- 
title: "Portfolio"
author: "Lunar Eclipse"
date: "2023-08-28"
site: bookdown::bookdown_site
documentclass: book
bibliography: "./bibliography_portfolio/bibliography_portfolio.bib"
# cover-image: path to the social sharing image like images/cover.jpg
description: |
  This is my portfolio. Its also my first website hosted from github and netlify. I hope you enjoy!
params:
  date_from: "2022-01-23"
  date_until: "2022-07-23"
  country: "Netherlands"
---

# Welcome!

Hi! And welcome, this is my portfolio. It is a collection of different skills I posses and a way to show what I can do in a data analysis context. Each page contains a different group of skills and stands alone in its presentation. Also good to know is that this is of course, an ongoing process.

## About Me

I am a student of the University of applied sciences Utrecht. I have great passion for biology, molecular life
sciences and data analysis. A work environment where I can implement those interests is a dream job for
me. With my specialization in biomolecular research and data analysis knowledge I can be a bridge
between lab analysis and data scientist. I am a transgender nonbinary individual, This means I go by
they/them (die/diens of hen/hun). Usually this isn’t something I place too much importance on, I just live my
life like anyone else but it might have some implications in the future regarding sudden surgeries. In case
this does occur I feel like my future employer or internship provider should be aware beforehand.

Commit message:

Updated packages which had updates and silenced some that didn't and didn't seem important. Bookdown should be made and ready for next deploy

_book/index.md, after:

--- 
title: "Portfolio"
author: "Lunar Eclipse"
date: "2024-12-14"
site: bookdown::bookdown_site
documentclass: book
bibliography: "./bibliography_portfolio/bibliography_portfolio.bib"
# cover-image: path to the social sharing image like images/cover.jpg
description: |
  This is my portfolio. Its also my first website hosted from github and netlify. I hope you enjoy!
params:
  date_from: "2022-01-23"
  date_until: "2022-07-23"
  country: "Netherlands"
---

# Welcome!

Hi! And welcome, this is my portfolio. It is a collection of different skills and projects to showcase what I can do. Each page contains a different group of skills and stands alone in its presentation. This website is an ongoing work in progress.

## About Me

I studied Life sciences at the university of applied sciences Utrecht. Within my degree I specialized in bio-molecular research and Data analysis and visualization. I am very passionate about biology, molecular life
sciences and data analysis. A work environment where I can combine those interests is a dream job for
me. With my specialization in bio-molecular research and data analysis knowledge I can be a bridge
between lab analysis and data scientist.
